DOCS-8828 heuristic fixes (#52)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-security: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-tls-context-rtf-lb.adoc

> = Add a TLS Context for Anypoint Runtime Fabric (Advanced Configuration)

Reviewer: Must the final two words be in parens, or can we just make them part of the main title?
We generally want to avoid punctuation in titles.
```suggestion
= Add a TLS Context for Anypoint Runtime Fabric Advanced Configuration
```
or
```suggestion
= Add a TLS Context for Advanced Configuration of Anypoint Runtime Fabric
```

Author: Leaving as is - this is a special case for customers. It's another way of configuring a TLS context, but it's for more advanced users. It's not configuration of Runtime Fabric itself - it's for configuration of a TLS context for Runtime Fabric.

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> If your environment requires advanced configuration such as client authentication (mutual authentication), selecting ciphers, and selecting TLS versions, you can import a TLS context from the secrets manager. Refer to xref:runtime-fabric::configure-adv-tls-context.adoc[Import a TLS Context from Secrets Manager (Advanced)].

Reviewer: Would it be retain meaning to make the verbs parallel?
```suggestion
If your environment requires advanced configuration such as authenticating clients (mutual authentication), selecting ciphers, and selecting TLS versions, you can import a TLS context from the secrets manager. Refer to xref:runtime-fabric::configure-adv-tls-context.adoc[Import a TLS Context from Secrets Manager (Advanced)].
```
Also, I can't tell if this is a link? If it is, please go ahead and refer to the title but do not make it live; move the live link to See Also (which we might rename to Related Information to avoid using "see" re. accessibility).

Author: Leaving as is - "client authentication" is what's in the UI, and we want to relate that to "mutual authentication". Engineering asked to have the link inline since it's kind of a special case.

. Select *Users*.
. Locate the row containing your username and then select the blue link in the *Username* column.
. In the *Runtime Manager* tab, enable the *Manage Runtime Fabrics* permission for your Runtime Fabric environment.
+
[NOTE]
It can take up to five minutes for any permissions you add to propagate.

== TLS Context Configuration Prerequisites

You must perform the following configuration steps prior to adding a TLS context to a secrets group:

*** Have a TLS certificate with the desired Common Name set to route traffic to Runtime Fabric.

.... Create a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for a Certificate Authority (CA). To streamline this step, larger organizations have a portal/internal service that provides certificate signing from a CA or might repurpose existing certificates. If neither of the previous options are available, follow the steps required by your CA to obtain your certificate, which usually includes the following tasks:

..... Submit a CSR to CA signing order. All domains/subdomains for serving traffic must be included in the Subject Alternative Name (SAN).

> ..... Prove domain ownership (DV certificates) or complete the necessary background checks for the certificate level. Refer to https://www.entrustdatacard.com/knowledgebase/ssl/what-are-the-ssl-tls-certificate-assurance-levels[Defining the assurance levels for SSL/TLS certificates] for additional information.

Reviewer 2: That's a particular vendor so this is not suitable in our Doc. Just take the sentence out, and it will still work.

Author: Removed - thank you!

..... Download the certificate and CA path (signing path) from your CA.

> .... Review domains associated with the  (SAN) in your certificate. Many clients, including most browsers, return only a lock icon, which indicates a verified TLS connection, if the URL matches a domain in the SAN field of the certificate. 

Reviewer 2: "only return" not "return only"

Author: Got it.

> .... Be prepared to add or update the DNS routing record to send traffic to the external load balancer IP address that fronts the Runtime Fabric instance. This is the final step needed to cut in or cut over traffic.

Reviewer 2: IP address or addresses that front............final step needed to cut over traffic.

Author: Got it - thanks!

*** Be able to create or configure an external TCP load balancer to manage traffic to applications running in Runtime Fabric:

> .... Gather all IP addresses of controller or dedicated nodes that can be reached by the external TCP load balancer. These are required for Runtime Fabric installation and load balancer configuration. For smaller traffic loads, controller nodes can be shared for cluster administration and inbound traffic TLS termination. For larger traffic loads, use dedicated nodes. The controller and dedicated nodes must have IP addresses that cn be reached (are routable and allowed at applicable firewalls) by the external load balancer. Otherwise, traffic cannot be routed from the load balancer to Runtime Fabric. 

Reviewer 2: Gather all IP addresses of controller or dedicated nodes (depending on the configuration you choose during installation) that can be reached by the external TCP load balancer. These IP addresses may not be known until you complete the Runtime Fabric installation. For smaller traffic loads...

Author: Updated - thank you!

.... Know the domain or domains to be used for routing traffic to your applications.
.... Understand that you need to configure an external load balancer to proxy the TCP protocol. The load balancer does not terminate TLS but does allow Runtime Fabric to do so.

> *** Be able to configure DNS settings to associate the Common Name on the TLS certificate to the IP address of the external load balancer.

Reviewer 2: This is redundant with the above statement: "Be prepared to add or update the DNS routing record to send traffic to the external load balancer IP address that fronts the Runtime Fabric instance. This is the final step needed to cut in or cut over traffic." The sentence here is more succinct; however, it is incorrect. This sentence reads: "Be able to configure DNS settings to associate the Common Name on the TLS certificate to the IP address of the external load balancer". This more succinct version could be corrected like this: "Be able to configure the DNS settings to associate domains signed in the TLS certificate to the IP address or addess(es) served by the external load balancer."

Author: Updated - thank you!

> == Add a TLS Context to a Secrets Group

Reviewer 2: In this review format, it is very difficult to see where this fits. This is correct but I don't understand where it fits in the overall workflow.

> All inbound traffic entering Anypoint Runtime Fabric is encrypted using TLS. When enabling inbound traffic, you must provide a valid TLS certificate. When you configure inbound traffic for Runtime Fabric, you can configure the TLS server by importing a Privacy-Enhanced Mail (PEM) or Java Keystore (JKS) file, or by importing a TLS context from the secrets manager (advanced use case).

Reviewer 3: >All inbound traffic entering Anypoint Runtime Fabric is encrypted using TLS.

This is no longer true with the Multiple Virtual Servers UI.

Author: Updated - thank you!

> == Before You Begin

Reviewer 3: This doc is currently organized under Secrets Manager / Secret Groups on the docs site. Given that 1) the new RTF UI is designed so that most users will not use Secrets Manager, and 2) TLS contexts added in Secrets Manager may be used in other parts of the platform, I don't think we should include any RTF-specific info in this doc.

IMO all RTF-specific guidance should be moved to other existing docs, and this doc should only include generic info about about adding a TLS context to Secrets Manager.

Author: Makes sense. Let's discuss where it best fits in the RTF docs...

You must have the following permissions to enable inbound traffic to Runtime Fabric:

* Grant access to secrets
* Manage Secret Groups
* Read secrets metadata
* Write secrets

These permissions are available from the Secrets Manager tab in Anypoint Access Management.

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Access Management*.
+
If you do not have access to *Access Management*, ask your organization admin (system administrator) to provide the "Manage Runtime Fabrics" permission to your user. If you have access, execute the following steps to add the permission:
. Select *Users*.
. Locate the row containing your username and then select the blue link in the *Username* column.
. In the *Runtime Manager* tab, enable the *Manage Runtime Fabrics* permission for your Runtime Fabric environment.
+
[NOTE]
It can take up to five minutes for any permissions you add to propagate.

== TLS Context Configuration Prerequisites

You must perform the following configuration steps prior to adding a TLS context to a secrets group:

*** Have a TLS certificate with the desired Common Name set to route traffic to Runtime Fabric.

> .... Create a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for a Certificate Authority (CA). To streamline this step, larger organizations have a portal/internal service that provides certificate signing from a CA or might repurpose existing certificates. If neither of the previous options are available, follow the steps required by your CA to obtain your certificate, which usually includes the following tasks:

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure how much guidance we should be providing for obtaining a certificate. Don't we still expect most customers to already have the certificates they'll use?
